all right ladies and gentlemen today
we're going to be talking about the
Twitter masterclass how to grow
followers on Twitter how to make money
on Twitter step by step one two three
four do exactly what I say I have 91 000
followers on Twitter I've made just over
three million dollars doing it so if you
are an agency owner if you are selling
some kind of product you want to connect
with people high level people who are
really smart they're all on Twitter and
this is how you grow and this is how you
entrench yourself into that community so
I would really appreciate if you guys
could subscribe to this Channel and you
could like this this will help the
YouTube algorithm push my videos farther
I appreciate you very much and let's get
straight in before we go any further I
need to take a moment to thank today's
sponsor me I have two things to sell you
I have one internetmoneygroup.com
internet money is for beginner
entrepreneurs you don't know what to do
you don't know what to sell you don't
even know what to learn in the first
place this is designed for you to
indoctrinate you into the world of
making money on the internet and doing
all the things that we talk about on
Twitter two if you are an agency owner
or you are a high I take a business
owner and you were stuck at 5K to 15K a
month and you want to scale to 100K a
month or more go to clientascension.com
client Ascension is going to help you
make a high ticket offer how to make a
vsl how to build an outbound marketing
team with sales closers and sdrs and how
to code email how to do inbound
marketing on Twitter how to
operationalize your business how to hire
people how to do sales calls everything
that is conceivably necessary to get to
100K a month and replicate the exact
businesses that we have made and all
these huge people you see on Twitter
doing 50k 80k 100K 200k a month we will
help you out so if you're interested
internetmoneygroup.com for beginners
clientasension.com if you are already
running a business and you want to scale
it up further 50k 80k 100K a month
there's videos on both of them go watch
the video
opt-in and then I'll send you everything
you need thanks guys back to the video
let's learn how to make some money on
Twitter all right ladies and gentlemen
today we're talking about Twitter I have
made roughly just over three million
dollars from Twitter I made a million
dollars on a course with Twitter which
is which is pretty cool but it is it is
an integral part of our lead generation
for all of our companies we do some
other stuff too but Twitter is an
absolute Force driver for a lot of it
and in this video I'm going to show you
exactly how to replicate that how to
grow on Twitter and how to make money on
it right so pay attention to what I'm
telling you because I am the master at
this I run Twitter I own it now I'm
scared but here's the master class so
the function of social media is to be
social and make friends with people
right so I can give you a formula but at
the end of the day if you're not saying
anything interesting or giving any value
or teaching people things you will not
get followers regardless of how much
engagement you do right you have to
actually do things in the real world and
learn things right
so Twitter is Twitter has particularly
more intelligent people than than
Instagram Instagram is more so like a
flexi thing Twitter is more so you have
interesting things to say and you have
good takes so if you're not the kind of
person who wants to rent a Lamborghini
rent an Airbnb and say it's yours and
and fake that Twitter is the place for
you you can grow a lot if you just have
some good things to say right or if
you're learning things and documenting
your journey which is completely fine
right the person on the journey is
equally as interesting as the person who
has already completed it so don't let
that hold you back but we're gonna go
through some things here
I'm going to assume you're going from 0
to x amount of followers and x amount of
money right so
um we're gonna go through some sections
here we're talking about like the
functions of like growing your first
amount of followers and some other like
tips and tricks and some really
important things that you need to
understand so let's go to this first
when you have like zero to 300 followers
you want to be posting at least two
tweets per day one very good information
giving invaluable thread pinned on your
profile right mine is a little different
right now because I have a lot of
followers already so mine's mine is just
straight up like an offer right like so
here's client Ascension here's things
about client sense that's what I have
pinned at this moment so you want to
comment on at least 10 other accounts
per day right and these comments cannot
just be rewords of what somebody's
already said you have to inject your own
anecdotes your own experience and add
what they said right like actually being
intelligent person like put add
something to the conversation you want
the comment to be of equality which that
it could invoke a conversation right
that you're trying to drive engagement
right so respond to every single comment
you get in your own tweets and respond
to every single DM you get all of them I
still do this I still respond to like 95
of the DMs I get I respond to a lot of
the comments right so outbound comments
too when I say outbound comments that
means you initiate the comment on
somebody else's account right it should
be about 10 percent
of the accounts you do this to have
above 10 000 followers fifty percent
with three thousand to ten thousand and
then about sixty percent or below three
thousand right you're trying to make
friends here you're trying to actually
build relationships right and so these
components are just kind of adjusted as
you get higher and higher right so three
hundred two thousand two tweets a day
one thread a week at least ten comments
we're gonna talk about making threads
and what to tweet and stuff in this
video too so stay around for that but
um still response all the comments still
response all the DMS and just up the
amount the follower count of the people
you're doing outbound comments too right
and it just it just goes up gradually
from here right you just do more to
accelerate the growth because your
Leverage is going up as you get more
followers you know more tweets you have
the more leverage you have it goes to
more people will drive more engagement
right you respond to the DMS finding
comments now people are beginning to
like you at this point they're built
they're beginning to build a parasocial
relationship with you when a parasocial
relationship is is when people like you
and you don't even have a direct
relationship with them like they just
see your stuff and you don't even know
they exist but they like you
um
so it's you just start gradually doing
this right
um more tweets thread still doing 10
comments and then your outbound comments
are just going higher and higher and
higher right so the these numbers do not
have to be exactly precise
but it's just the general sense is like
do Twitter you know you want to grow
into it you got to do Twitter right you
have to remember these are not robots
you're responding to these are actual
other humans so when you're talking to
like don't don't talk you know what
I mean like just don't don't stir up
controversy like to just add something
to a conversation right so here's some
General Cardinal rules to follow if you
have below a thousand followers tweeting
more will not get you more followers
because there's nobody to see your
tweets right so don't be you don't have
to post like 20 tweets a day because not
even a lot of people are going to see it
in the first place right if you have
below a thousand followers the biggest
driving factor is the amount of outbound
comments you're making right you just
need to engage more outbound comment
means you're initiating a comment on
somebody else's
post right as you grow followers the
amount of tweets you put up becomes
increasingly more important and outbound
comments become less important right so
responding to all comments on tweets you
have push your Tweet back onto the
timeline of your followers who are
actively on Twitter thus further
increasing the likelihood of engagement
on said tweet do not underestimate this
you must do this this absolutely forces
more Impressions it works so well right
so you need to increase your follow
conversion rate right and this is the
amount of people that visit your profile
divided by how many of those divided by
how many of those visits follow you
right so people will only follow you if
they believe that following you will
result in them learning new things
they are entertained by you or you have
credibility right so your follow
conversion rate is determined by your
bio and your PIN tweet your bio should
do three things State what your account
is about State any credibility you have
and a call to action right the call to
action to be can be to follow you it can
be to go to this link to buy this thing
something very interesting I found on
Twitter more people follow you if you
sell something it is almost as if having
something for sale automatically invokes
credibility in the first place it's
really strange but your PIN tweet should
be either a very valuable thread you are
doing a step-by-step do this one two
three how to accomplish this
works really well or a direct link to
your offer with the link on the pinned
tweet right it's the first thing it's
going to add when people see your
profile right so if you want to grow
ridiculously fast you must maximize your
follow conversion rate and you can
calculate this at analytics.twitter.com
right there's no exception to this there
there's no point in making comments
tweets or threads if you are not clearly
showing and convincing people why they
should follow you right you are burning
opportunities every single person that
visits your profile is an opportunity to
gain a follower right so this number
must be as high as conceivably possible
or everything else you're doing is a
waste of time right just a function of
what you're trying to do on Twitter
you're getting all these profile visits
you want to convert them into a follower
so you have to show what your account is
about any credibility you have and then
a call to action right
um You must be extremely clear about
what your profile is about or who you
are right if you don't know what your
profile is about to say what your plan
is it could be 21 year old attempting
his first 10K month to six month
document through the Journey here on on
Twitter follow me to watch it right you
don't have to accomplish amazing things
you can be the person on the journey
that's completely okay right so increase
the amount of outbound comments to 20 40
to 20 to 40 per day if you really want
to grow and you space it out throughout
the day when you're above a thousand
followers increase the tweets to like
five a day and you're above a thousand
followers increase to two threads a week
it's just this this is how you grow you
do more like that's it that's the only
thing that makes you grow just do more
so I'm going to talk about some actual
Logistics and things to do
um I use tweet Hunter
hype Fury I retweet my own tweets and I
have Evergreen tweets I'm going to show
you this system
um I have a tweet Hunter affiliate link
I want to throw that in here if you if
you buy tweet Hunter through that link I
will get 30 of the payments which is
pretty cool but if you hate me you don't
have to use that you just go to 300.io
instead
um so I bookmark my best Tweets and add
some of them to Evergreen on tweet
Hunter right so like I'll go here and
what I can do is I can
take a tweet
I can copy it copy link to tweet I can
go to tweet Hunter and on this left hand
side here you will see Evergreen
and I can import a tweet import tweets
and I can put that there and add it
and now what's going to happen is in my
queue I have Evergreen slots
and every time there's an evergreen slot
that hits on a particular time what will
happen is it'll take one of those
Evergreen tweets and retweet it
automatically on my account and now I
also do this thing Tweed Hunter doesn't
let you do this so I I do it like this I
manually retweeting tweets so I will go
here and I will copy a link to a tweet
and if I want to manually retweet it
will manually schedule a tweet to
retweet I will go here hype here click
that button it automatically copies
what's in my uh clipboard add to queue
and now this tweet is going to retweet
at 11 45 AM so
I do that
um I bookmark my own tweets for easy
access
right so what I'll do is I I'll I'll
take a I'll take a tweet
a bookmark it and now I have it I can
just go to my bookmarks and then I can
see all the tweets that I know are like
valuable and I will retweet later on
what because sometimes I don't always
want to put it into Evergreen so
there's this thing called Auto DMS on
tweet Hunter and they are so powerful it
is absolutely absurd I'm going to show
you how to do this so my cue I'm going
to click a random thing right here and
what I like to do is an auto an auto DM
is it will automatically send somebody a
DM if they perform a specific action on
your Tweet so for instance I just found
a video about how to send a 3000 code
emails per month without them going to
spam
um like and retweet this tweet and I
will automatically DM you the
uh video
must be following me to get it right now
what do you say must be following me
together people are going to see that
and they're like oh okay I'll
follow the guy right they like and
retweet it and now it just absolutely
pushes this so far so then you would go
to Advanced options
and you click Auto DM and now what you
would do is they have to
they have to like and retweet it and if
somebody likes and retweets this it's
going to send them this message that you
type here hey thanks for the
retweet here's the video as
promised
link right now if you're really smart
what you do
is the link you make it an opt-in so you
have you get their email now now do you
have now you're building an email list
right so you're getting followers and
you're getting emails and your Tweet
just blew up right works so well
um so
buying retweets this is a way that a lot
of people grow I do not do this anymore
I did it in the beginning but retweets
from a 40 000 account 40 000 account
should be worth about like 35 each a lot
of guys charge anywhere between like 750
to 1500 for batches of 30 retweets
that you would send them the links on
telegram not links to the tweets those
screenshots so Twitter can't see the
source and you have to space it out
right so like in November 2020 I was
paying like 6K a month for retweets and
like cold email Mastery was just
starting to absolutely rip and I made
like an astronomical amount of money
doing that um so how do you get retweets
how do you buy everything there was no
Marketplace for this you have to ask
people who you're regularly interacting
with who have larger amounts of
followers there's no Marketplace you
can't just be like
you can't just like DM someone and you
don't even know them they're like hey
bro you're so rude to it no one's going
to sell your reaches I don't sell
retweets so don't ask me
um nobody's gonna sell you retweets
unless you're actively putting out good
content right because people don't sell
retweets to anybody they only sell
retweets to somebody who actually makes
good tweets
and puts out good ideas interesting
ideas
um I don't sell retweets don't ask me so
creating content we can categorize this
into sections competence tweets
engagement tweets and sales tweets right
so a competence tweet is going to show
you it it shows you know what you're
talking about and proving why people
should follow you and your PIN tweet
should be your best competence proving
tweet or threat engagement tweets are
for the function of gathering attention
in the first place so I guess like meant
to be a tweet that just like a ton
of people like just because it's like a
good take sales tweets are direct calls
to actions pointing people somewhere you
can run these tweets as ads to your own
followers
um so the stuff in this section is
sourced from JK Molina who who uh owns
tweet Hunter I massively recommend you
sign up to tweet Hunter solely for the
function of going through all the
resources and entirety because the app
is amazing if you want to follow him on
Twitter his thing is one JK Molina right
so here's some examples of competence
tweets one example is a testimonial so
like we got this guy who's inclined
Ascension and
um he signed a 5500 a month client and
he said uh uh thanks coding the wizard
uh for client extensions device let's
go and I quoted it and put the
link right so that was like a
testimonial tweet case studies he used
Philip Rivers he's a g a big Ecom guy
um how we got to sort of three million a
month by unfucking their email marketing
thread so it was a threat right
um proof of skill so here's JK Molina
one week zero ad spend 48.5 K in Revenue
welcome to Twitter cool proof of skill
like
I did this right it's just competence
so achievements here's Dakota Robertson
show me how uh show my competence on the
timeline so here's my Flex
ton of followers right humbleflexes
one million on gumroad today 80k
followers on Twitter today you are all
too kind I love you right it's like a
humble Flex so engagement Suites the
function of these is just to gather
attention right so everybody has their
own style on Twitter but my style is
never straying too far into the path of
posting solely to get engagement I
always tweet in my own voice that's
because I have
this is 91 now it's because I have 91k
followers I don't have to attempt
Gathering maximum attention I can keep
all my tweets as my own ideas but if you
have a small account you absolutely
should make engagement tweets because
you get a lot of traffic like a lot
right but always transfer it into your
own voice right you need to find your
own voice and you can only do so by
actually tweeting which is a big reason
why people don't really tweet too much
because they don't really know what
their voice is but you don't find it
unless you actively post so you really
should just start posting tweets and
then you gradually and iteratively see
what works right so the only thing you
post on Twitter if the only thing you
post on Twitter's engagement tweets then
you will only attract the kind of
audience that only likes engagement
tweets and doesn't buy things right so
this is why the ideal mix is something
like 20 sales tweets 65 competence or
threads and 15 engagement tweets right
and here's a good breakdown of like how
this works right you can pause the video
right here you take screenshots of it
um
but
the big idea there's a there's a
behavior we find complaining it was
shouting to the world that you're weak
uh this is a behavior we find in many
people maybe we've done it talking about
other calls you you see so it's it's
what is the big idea and then repurpose
the amount of problems in history that
have been solved by complaining about
them zero you see what I mean
each tweet has a big idea and then you
just say the big idea in a different
thing don't ever copy people ever it's
not a good idea you will get called out
um
so big idea reword it find what the big
idea is reword it find what the big
ideas are
and then reword it and that's this is
how this works so
sales tweets uh one last spot open for
CEOs uh 10 000 quality followers 10
weeks I already have 33 I'm taking
fourth because results coming quicker DM
me if you're interested right here's me
you can get the 30k a month no as no
funnel no sales team just called Emo's
one page site in the cell phone if you
want to get to 30k a month or more go
here clientsaster.com right
um do you have skills that want to go to
agency do you have skills and want to
grow an agency business out of it we'll
teach you how to do Outreach do sales
hire operators scale go here right
properly optimize Twitter profile with
300 500 followers couple in for
informative threads those threads
depended your profile with landing pages
simple offer is absolutely enough to be
making a bare middle and three thousand
dollars a month right and then I plugged
internet money right here so
let's talk about threads the entire
performance
of a thread will be dictated upon the
first tweet and more particularly the
first sentence you need to learn how
headlines are written I recommend
reading the book by Michael Masterson
called great leads right so like here's
an example of a bad thread my first
writing client paid me X my last one
paid me y here's what change good thread
the automated onboarding flow that has
increased my e-compliance Revenue by 30
in in just 60 days right
here's some examples from Dicky I love
Dicky he's a g
um so here's here's a general way with
which you could write threads and like
the like the The Source idea
less time how I went from benching 225
to 300 pounds only working out three
times per week within just 72 days
that's a less time how I did this in
less time less effort how do I make
seven threads 10 LinkedIn posts eight
Instagram reels and nine tick tocks from
just one single video
less effort how to do all this with less
effort less money here's how you can
increase your wheat flow close more
deals and make 35 more money instantly
without tweeting more or spending more
money on ads how to do this by spending
less money less pain I spent seven
months sitting on the sidelines watching
people grow their business blow up on
social media well I did absolutely
nothing now's got X Y and Z here's
here's how I did it more money I went
for 4K a month to make it fifteen
thousand dollars per month every month
by X
right story seven years ago I was
working at KFC making a 25 an hour
girlfriend cheating on me Car Pro
downtown Arizona and have made less than
five thousand dollars completely online
for seven consecutive months here's my
story right
um how an icon or a large person did
something this person was able to
achieve X and Y he's written three books
eight presentations uh
right
um walkthroughs so you want to instant
instantly scrape 1000 weeds of your of
your absolute
perfect prospects here's how you can get
leads based on job title company size uh
using clean leads a unique mechanism you
guys are getting the sense of this just
pause the video and kind of like write
them down if you want if you want them
but these are just ideas right proof of
competence Master Library handling the
objections your audience has answering
the questions your auditing audience has
right so
you can steal content
to find not steal it but you gotta find
tweets and extract it right you can use
a Twitter advanced search
um
and you can a username like minimum
faves 300 so if I go to
Twitter I do
a username
there's gonna couple all my tweets that
have
um over 300 likes right
or you can just click advanced search
right here and then you can use this
this is really good for finding people's
tweets
um and then why you should respond to
DMs
is something very important that nobody
talks about but 70 to 90 of your yams
would be people asking questions in
regards to the content you have posted
and this is the source of how you create
new content the content you post
is simply what people are asking you and
that's it and you can't find out what
people are asking you if you have your
DMs closed or you're not answering them
right and this also helps with just
building relationships to people people
like you if you engage with them right
like someone sends me a message and I I
have 91 000 followers and I respond to
them they're like oh I didn't know
you would respond I'm like yeah bro I
respond to like everything
um so reword your own tweets or threads
that are three plus months old go into
the Twitter advanced search and search
for your own best performing tweets
between particular dates and then you
can you can also do this with other
people's profiles and just reword the
tweets that's all you do
so increasing engagement respond to all
the comments on your tweets right this
continuously pushes your tweets higher
and higher right Twitter is a feed if
you interact with the tweet it pushes it
back to the top for other people right
so responding to all the comments on
your Tweet automatically doubles the
comment count right this is true for
every social media right it's true on
YouTube it's true it's true on LinkedIn
you respond to every comment and it just
keeps pushing it it keeps pushing it
right particularly if you start a
conversation under your post because now
there's a there's a dialogue occurring
under the post and what Twitter is going
to see or linkedin's gonna see or
YouTube's going to see is oh if I push
this video they're probably going to go
to the comments and they might start
engaging in this dialogue right now it's
going to keep people on the app longer
start dialogues under your tweets it
pushes the main top tweet so much
farther so calls to action the entire
function of all this is to point people
somewhere why are you trying to grow a
social media audience
if you're not selling something there's
literally no purpose to be on social
media unless you're selling something
there's the entire function of this
right
so you should not be doing this unless
you're on unless you're pointing people
somewhere right if you have your product
figured out Point them to a landing page
plug your landing page below like 80 of
your tweets and then you're retweeting
that top tweet like a lot like three
four times over the course of three four
days and you're retweeting the plug
tweet a bunch of times so it just keeps
popping up on the timeline it just keeps
going over and over and over again right
if you don't have your product figured
out Point them to to follow you right if
you like this we really appreciate it
follow us that we put as I'll be putting
more content like this out regularly if
you like this thread throw me a follow
and comment your questions below I'll be
making more threads of these this week
and would love your inputs right so two
things if you're a beginner entrepreneur
and you are below ten thousand dollars a
month you don't know what to sell you
don't know absolutely anything internet
moneygroup.com if you I'm gonna put the
link below here that is my private group
I have indoctrination videos I'm going
to send you video every single day until
you were indoctrinated into making money
online and not being a loser if you are
at five thousand to ten thousand dollars
per month you're an Atco and you're on
an online business you're already
getting there but you can't break past
like 20 30k a month and you'd like to
get to 100K a month go to
clientresension.com you can watch the
video on that site just go to the opt-in
there's a video behind there I explain
what client extension is
internetmoneygroup.com also has a video
but if you if if you're if you're
already in business go to
clientsense.com that's it for me boys
can you do me a please a big favor can
you like this video can you subscribe to
it and if you think it's good can you
post it on Twitter I will retweet it put
it on LinkedIn I'll comment I'll do
whatever I'll repost it thank you so
much do this it works and
that's it for me I'll see you in the
next one